[Music]
[Applause]
hello everyone its Elena and I'm finally
in Cambridge with my cousin who woke up
at 3:00 a.m. this morning just to come
and help me move in and I found my room
so we're gonna go in and see what my
dorm room for this year looks like
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
okay my drummer missus a fish you've
been on ice and had like a massive dusk
like I can just like see me like with
like ten law books just like working
here my cousin's like done with her life
but I don't you like the couch and I
might ask accommodations to remove it
from my room like if you don't like the
entry yeah yeah that's fine but I don't
like it I think it just takes up
unnecessary space I'm needed so yeah and
I think it just looks a bit okay like
the screen I don't know it's not my
thing
you look interesting in this angle yeah
also I have a really really nice view um
I don't think I see this but basically
you can see like the river and then
takes off the older buildings at the
college I think that's really really
lovely
um these here unless lovely I don't know
I'm not really feeling that but that's
fine we're gonna deal with it the
unfortunate thing though is I just found
out that this has been recently
repainted so they're like oh stop don't
put anything up so I can't put any
decorations on the wall um we're gonna
find a solution to that because I've
always just looks a bit boring but now
with the plan is and we're gonna get
some food and then we're gonna go to the
storage and pick up all my cells unpack
and yeah basically move in so here's the
thing I forgot to mention when I said we
have to go to the storage we first have
to unpack all my stuff in orders don't
have suitcases that we can put my stuff
from storage in so I have them so yeah
we're gonna unpack em it's fine it'll be
fine
um and yeah once we unpacked everything
then we're gonna go to the storage
just got done you know organizing the
that we have yeah here now we need
to go to this she hits the story - yeah
bad memories it's really creepy like it
looks like you know a place where you go
to hide a body and then like eat the
country and never come back
[Applause]
yeah we're gonna go there and basically
we're gonna take my two suitcases in a
small boy hey is this your boss and
hopefully it's gonna be enough it's okay
to Satan and God anybody else who can
help us yeah no matter what religion we
need all the help we can get
[Music]
guys this is madness this is just my
stuff okay we packed one and then this
we don't each pack but this is what it
looks like oh my god some of my friends
actually put some of this stuff in it
too and I was playing to bring it but
then I realized how much stuff they had
not like no we can't do it because this
is just like my stuff I feel bad like
for how much I've accumulated and just
like a year and I've brought more stuff
are you looking forward to doing this
again at the end of the year I love you
I pay you in love I love you so guys
just a little update me yes one tie by
the way
this one was the heaviest box even
though it's like the smallest and guess
where it's just I just figured out why
it's that way because it's freaking
bugged
run yeah run no no like I mean I don't
even know that's the whole box
filled with books and then guess what
more books and more books and there are
even more books like who stole as a
class
[Music]
basically you just went to war in five
minutes and I want I'm tired of you now
we just need to get all of this stuff
and the suitcase that I'm sitting on
onto this so let's do it
I think isn't it kind of died but we
made it guys it's gonna be great guys
this is all the stuff that was in
storage I don't know why I brought that
much stuff I didn't remember I had this
much stuff in storage yeah no I feel bad
and we're back in my room and I look
like crap because so Jones my knife is
there carrying all of this but trust me
I like better than my room does right
now because everything is just all over
the place right now because we didn't
want to put anything into your drawers
or stuff because we just wanted to see
first how much stuff we have and then
decide where everything goes but that
means it looks like a bomb exploded in
my room this was just that you know what
it's right next to me and then here you
go and you just see like the disaster
that we created um this is really bad so
yeah that's my room right now guys and
we have to fix this we have to basically
just you know put order into this and
yeah hopefully make it look pretty now
the plan for now is we're gonna go and
get some food because otherwise we're
gonna kill each other I guess we're both
really really hungry
and then we're gonna get to work and
hopefully finish decorating this room
tonight
[Music]
[Applause]
we were just like dragging ourselves out
to like eat something at the end of the
day but we got a lot done and then today
we got like the rest done and we got rid
of all the trash and that's what the
room looks like now and I should say is
not final and there's still a lot to be
done but for now I find it is I can live
here while I take my exams and then I'll
do the rest of decorating so here we
have this lamp which was on my desk I
really don't like it it's super massive
and I don't need it so I asked them to
take it out and then here are my scarves
and just some of my stuff my desk and my
cousin playing around and here I have
the books that are already brought but I
still have to receive my second year
books so that's why this part is just
empty and then here we found a nice
little solution for my fairy lights
because I couldn't put them on the wall
because I'm not allowed to put anything
on the walls this year so we just put
them here into these boxes and it was
really really nice when you put it on at
night and I'm gonna you know buy
something to cover the boards because
they don't really look exactly fabulous
and I'm just here we have another few
drawers and I just put some of my
private books and then so my folders
here and my towels and then just my
laundry basket and we have a number
board and I'm also going to cover this
one and that's what my bed looks like
right now so I think I'll be fine living
here for a couple days and then we'll
see what we're gonna do let's just say
my cousin lived for a traumatic
experience this morning
uh-hum thanks to me and yeah tell us of
your trauma
I went dumpster dive
for you like if that isn't like the best
section size I could ever like make that
I don't know yeah so basically what
happened is we brought her and all the
paper trash because we had these boxes
from the storage and I have my card
holder with me with my university call
my credit card and my ID and um you know
we threw everything into your trash and
we walked back and I was like wait
where's my card holder I only have my
key it turns out I dropped it into the
trash so I mean like as a massive
container and my cousin actually missed
it
so yeah she has a cheetah best family
member ever you know yeah no hi
competition I'm just kidding mom you're
a good family member to your honor's
common for your Christmas damn she's
always so it's been a while um and my
cousin has already left so she's on her
way to London right now and then she's
flying back home and now it's just name
my new room and it's still weird to like
think of this place - my room by the way
those are the curtains which I checked
out because I really didn't like them
and instead we put up these shapes
because I'm not allowed to put anything
on the walls so I just put them up here
don't think you can reseed them if it's
benign let's see oh here we go so I just
put them up here it's defecate and it
gets pretty dark and cambridge pretty
early so it's fine I don't really need
the curtains and I just really didn't
like their aesthetic so I asked the move
would be possible to take him out of the
room I will see everywhere such as
daughter mother moped but yeah that's
the room update for now and now over the
next few days I'm going to have my first
year exams because I couldn't sit down
because I intermitted due to health
reasons
as you guys don't know about that I'm
gonna link the video I made about it in
the info box below and you can also
click on it up here but I'm gonna have
exams for the next four days
that means I'm gonna be really busy and
it's just gonna be an emotional
rollercoaster for me so I'm not gonna
vlog during this time but I will see you
guys after these four days and then I'll
continue this vlog so yeah
wish me luck guys hey guys I just got
out of my tort exam I look rough just
putting it mildly but you know I don't
put it on any makeup or anything because
yeah it's an exam uh hmm so that's why I
look pretty rough um but yeah I think it
went alright I could have gone better
it always could but is this a pass/fail
exam so the standard is pretty low did I
write something that's efficient to pass
I think so I'm pretty sure um I don't
think I did my best work today I'm very
sick I have taken I don't know how many
painkillers um and I don't know how many
tablets against pain here and it's
cuffing and everything but my nose was
just running all the time so um the
examiner was like looking at me like
you're on your second package of tissue
is here like that's weird
you know um yeah it was weird but you
know I'm sick so yeah I still did my
best you know given that I'm sick and I
don't wanna use it as an excuse because
honestly I didn't work a lot for this
exam so I think I did quite okay
actually and I'm surprised that I'm so
positive because normally when I walk
out of an exam I'm like oh my god I
probably failed and I got out of my
second exam which was criminal law
anyone all right um I don't know if you
can hear it I can have me here here like
my voice is like not entirely my voice
right now I think I'm actually doing a
little bit better than I did yesterday
definitely no I did yesterday yesterday
I didn't have an exam I just had like a
free day and I could like revise um but
it was so bad like I had to like sit on
my floor until I 2 p.m. which was a long
time given that I would go to five just
feeling miserable like everything just
hurt and it was it was not great guys um
so I bought a lot of painkillers and
yeah I'm currently functioning on pills
and flu medicine and that's pretty much
my life and I think after my exam
tomorrow
I'm gonna fall into my bed and I'm gonna
keep on feeling healthy because I'm not
great to put it mildly but I think the
exam went alright so that's good right
um I did write when I say which I was
really passionate about which sounds
weird now given the context but anyway I
was really passionate about the topic
because the case has a very interesting
undertone to put a Molly well basically
it's a case about sadomasochism but the
court seemed to have a homophobic
attitude and so our teacher asked is
this a case which should still be
considered good law in the 21st century
and so I went on and on and on about
that I was really passionate about that
case because I like yeah this case
triggered me a lot
given its homophobia um so that was
really fun to write actually I did it
I'm done it's over it's so good for it
to be over
oh my god um I just got out of my
constitutional law exam quickly went to
debauchery got myself some food and I
was actually planning on like you know
rewarding myself McDonald's but I was
like no I'm gonna be a good person I'm
gonna go to debauchery man I regretted
it the second I went there it was all
like super healthy stuff I have no idea
what I got like I don't know what that
is guys um I'm sure it's good I mean I
hope so but I have no idea what I'm
gonna eat oh this is what it looks like
um yeah I don't know it does contain
nuts that was the only warning but I'm
not allergic to nuts so I'm good um so
that's why I'm gonna eat but I think I
might reward myself McDonald's the
latest not if I get weak I can feel
myself getting weak out um in my defense
I was sick so I'm allowed to be weak a
little weak okay but yeah now the plan
is I'm gonna eat and then I'm gonna get
out of this like I have no style outfit
which I'm currently wearing which is
just like yeah like you know like exam
outfits like you don't care what your
outfits in exams because it's an exam
and you don't put on makeup because you
don't need it you don't do your hair
because you don't need it but I need to
feel you know like myself again and I'm
someone who just loves dressing up and
stuff so I want to get out of this
outfit when she screams
exams and stress and you know change
into me okay so it's been a while since
I last talked to you guys back two hours
or something well and I gave myself like
a little makeover guys I feel so good
like do you know he's like movies when I
like the girl gets like a makeover like
she looks really really different I know
I don't look that different but like I
feel that different because like for the
past days I've just been like an exam
mode so I haven't I got anything like
you know like hanging camp myself really
and I'm gonna do my hair anything so
this is good this is really good and
this was necessary so here's what's
gonna happen now I'm gonna open this
possible because one of my friends left
this from me camp before he left
Cambridge because he was a graduate
student so he's gone doing his PhD in
Chicago living his best life and he just
left me behind
um but he left this in the college and
he night actually told the porter like
you have to keep this for like the
entire summer break and you can only put
it on the system so Elena knows that
it's here on this date in October so
that she gets it you know when she look
back and I think that was so sweet so
I'm going to open this now and after now
I'm hopefully gonna have the motivation
within me to go and work because we need
to you know my friend he's this kind of
a person when I gives you like really
really thoughtful gifts and you like
explains to you like why and you just
like I didn't even remember this moment
but you remember and it makes you just
feel so bad but like the friend you are
cuz you're like I'm not like that you
know I don't I don't give like special
special gifts I don't explain my gifts
like that but I love you I hope you know
that
but yeah I'm feeling like a really bad
friend
but also I'm really really happy whoa
okay this looks like I could kill
someone with it um not even kidding
so this is for writing and it's so funny
because I love it when people do like
calligraphy and stuff I think it's so
pretty I think I probably didn't mention
to my friend that I have no talent for
it but I will try I will try he even got
me some ink oh she's so cute oh my god I
don't even want to know how long it took
to like find someone who makes these
things in pink because I love pink you
will be able to tell once my broom is
done being decorated um but this is so
sweet oh my god I I will be trying to do
calligraphy who knows maybe by the end
of the year we will have a lot of you
know nice calligraphy decoration things
that I've done myself or maybe I'll just
print them out we'll see oMG is such a
fancy bookmark guys like hi I mean this
bookmark is like really fancy I don't
think I've ever owned a bookmark I was
like legit made out of leather like hi
and it's pink see that's the way to my
heart
I have something that's related to books
and it's pink like that's all I want in
life
oh this is so pretty and once again guys
I'm a bad friend okay don't let this
fool you guys I'm not like that
you know my friends are like that
because I'm friends with people who are
better than me that's just a truth oh
yeah thank you so much I really
appreciate this I actually needed a
bookmark because yesterday at is she
used like one of my Sainsbury's receipts
and that's sad so thank you I Nika did
and yeah this really did make me happy
did it motivate me to do work no but I
think I'm in a much more positive state
of mind now to do work so this is going
to be good I'm gonna pack my bag and
then we're going to the library because
I think I want to work in the library
and yeah and we're just gonna work work
work work work
[Music]
so I'm back in my room now and did I
reward myself in McDonald's yes guilty
as charged but this is only my second
time this week which is good for me so I
think I might be able to you know stick
with my two times a week limit I mean I
only have two days less than a week okay
no I can do a lot of damage in two days
um cuz I can bet you'd like free meals
at McDonald's and I wouldn't mind um so
you know it's an issue but yeah I think
I'm just gonna you know eat my food now
enjoy it because I think I deserved a
reward and then I have to finish my
second reading me because I didn't fully
get through it but I was starving so I
was like no I'm leaving and I need to
pick up books because I had the glorious
idea to mail myself all my summer
reading books and that parcel turned out
to be sixteen point six kilogram so I'm
gonna empty out one of my suitcases take
it to the porters Lodge put all these
books in there and then carry it back
here because there's no way I can carry
a sixteen point six kilogram parcel oh
my god guys I just carried like over 16
kilograms even though in a suitcase like
through my college here we go this is
what 16 kilograms of books and a
suitcase look like I feel like it
doesn't look like as much as it actually
is but trust me it's really heavy so
that's what I did I know I feel done
with my life but yeah that is my evening
having a week now gonna unpack these um
find space for them which is another
issue and then I'm gonna finish the
second reading because I haven't fully
finished it yeah and yeah that's pretty
much the plan for my evening very
interesting evening guys um so yeah I
guess I'll see you guys tomorrow morning
and it's the next day and I want to say
good morning but that's just not true
because it is like 10:30 um so yeah I
didn't wake up at 5:00 in my defense and
I like got up and thought oh my god
you were going back to bed because I was
feeling miserable
maybe it's because like the exhaustion
that like you know was like suppressed
by the adrenaline from exams that just
came for I don't know um oh my you just
my illness was like oh now you can be
sick Elena no you can afford to be sick
I don't know but I'm not really feeling
great but also not horrible
maybe the painkillers are doing that not
horrible part I'm not sure um but I was
productive last night when he came to
room decor he does oh my god I love I
also have put one up here and allergy
like this is like my dream come true
like not even kidding like I love this
this is so pretty because I hated the
way T's pinboards looked I just thought
they were really ugly so I wanted to do
something to make those prettier and I
think that that vinyl marble thing he
did the job so yeah that's why I did
last night did I read anything last
night no because I was exhausted so we
have a lot of work to do today
we just found wearing my study hairstyle
which basically means we are not doing
anything ever and work
so yeah let's do it
[Music]
you
so I'm done with my reading but I still
need to take notes on it so I'm gonna do
that in the afternoon and probably gonna
do a few more readings which I haven't
finished so that way down of these and
that's pretty much to plan for my
weekend and season is also going to move
in throughout the weekend
so then the other room is also filled
finally I'm really excited to be living
with her she actually took over my
channel at one point and did a blog by
herself if you haven't seen that one yet
it's lamed any infobox below
it was really really fun and yet this
year we're gonna live together which is
really great because we're really good
friends so she's gonna move in over the
weekend and I'm gonna hopefully finish
my readings and that's pretty much
really my plan and I don't want to bore
you guys you know with just me walking
so I thought I would end this vlog here
but I hope you guys enjoyed it and yeah
I'm gonna upload a room to a really
really soon with him done with all my
decorations but it's really like at its
final stage and I think it's gonna look
pretty cool when I'm done yeah so that's
gonna be up next week thank you guys so
much for watching this video I hope you
enjoyed it have a nice day bye